I'm aboard the new privilege series six
catamaran this is a serious go far
catamaran it's 64 feet overall but I can
probably be sailed fairly well short
handed this is a heavy weather boat and
here we are on the fly bridge we've got
two very well-equipped consoles one on
either side and then of course all the
lines and lead half here this is a main
sheet the head sail controls are here
and of course is all electric because
this is a very big vote because the
theory six is such a big platform
there's plenty of social space aboard
and what's unique about it is it split
about in half half of it out here and
it's really nice cockpit and half of it
in a very open salon and it's so wide
open because the galley is down in the
hall now three steps up from the main
deck of the port hall is this elevated
master stateroom if you're looking at
this level of accommodation with an
ocean-going vessel the privilege series
six should be on your list
boat insurance hackneyed knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters